# CSIT-111-Java-Assignment-lab-4
The first program in this lab is BiasedCoin that models a biased coin in which heads and tails are not equally likely outcomes of a flip. To do this i simply made a private data member bias of type double. This data member will be a number between 0 and 1 (inclusive) that represents the probability the coin will be HEADS when flipped. So, if bias is 0.5, the coin is an ordinary fair coin. If bias is 0.6, the coin has probability 0.6 of coming up heads (on average, it comes up heads 60% of the time). The coin.java program uses three BiasedCoin objects. It first Instantiate one as a fair coin using the constructor with no parameter. following this it reads in the biases for the other two coins and instantiate those coins using the constructor with the bias as a parameter. the program has a loop that flips each coin 100 times and counts the number of times each is heads. After the loop it prints the number of heads for each coin.The next program i made is a quiz grader known as quiz.java which asks the user how many questions are in the quiz, then the user enters in the answer key for the quiz, there is only one answer for each question which will be an integer which is stored in an array. The user then enters the answers for the quiz to be graded and the program will calculate how many answers were answered correctly and the program can then loop to grade another quiz. The final program Average.java  prints the strings that it is given at the command line, one per line. If nothing is given at the command line, it will print “No arguments”. 
